readme.md, before:

# react-redux-starter-kit
An opinionated starter kit.

## Installing
Some requirements include:
- [node](nodejs.org) / [npm](npmjs.com)
- [ruby](ruby-lang.org) / [gems](rubygems.org) / [bundler](bundler.io)

Afterwards, clone, and then run the following to install the dependencies:
```bash
npm install
bundle install
```

## Development
```bash
npm run start # runs build script, style, and server

# compile assets
npm run build:script
npm run build:style

# for continuous development,
# run these commands instead of the above:
npm run watch:script
npm run watch:style

# for production (minification)
npm run prod:script
npm run prod:style

# run server
npm run server

# run tests
npm test # open up localhost:9876 afterwards
```

## Configuration
This starter kit uses a [dotenv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv-style) configuration. To start, simply copy `.env.example` to `.env`.
```bash
cp .env.example .env
```
Afterwards, modify as it suits your needs.

#### `_ENV_`
A global variable for `process.env.NODE_ENV`.

#### `_PRODUCTION_`
`true` when `process.env.NODE_ENV` is set to `production`.

#### `_DEV_`
`true` when `process.env.NODE_ENV` is **not** set to `production`.

#### `_API_`
The URI of the your API.

Mainly used to concatenate your requests with a base URI in `common/utils/axios/interceptors/concatBaseUrl`.

#### `_IMG_`
Path to your images folder.

This can be used as such : ````${_IMG_}/cat.jpg````.

#### `_PORT_`
The port which the server will be ran.

This is a server-only config.

#### `_SSR_`
The variable to check if the environment is node. This is safer than deriving by checking variables available only to node.

This is explicitly set to each config (e.g., server globals, webpack config).

#### `_IMG_`
Path to your images folder.

This can be used as such : ````${_IMG_}/cat.jpg````.

#### `_SSR_`
The variable to check if the environment is node. This is safer than deriving by checking variables available only to node.

This is explicitly set to each config (e.g., server globals, webpack config).

## Libraries
**Mainly**:
- [react](http://facebook.github.io/react) - Our view library; which is what we built most of our code with.
- [react-router](http://rackt.github.io/react-router) - Client-side (Browser) router.
- [history](http://rackt.github.io/history) - React-Router's history library.
- [redux](http://rackt.github.io/redux) - Our [Flux](http://facebook.github.io/redux) library.
- [react-redux](http://github.com/gaearon/react-redux) - Library to use Redux for ReactJS.
- [redux-thunk](http://github.com/gaearon/redux-thunk) - So we can if-else / async for our action-creators.
- [reselect](http://github.com/faassen/reselect) - For Redux, a *selector* library; also helps us cache it.
- [classnames](http://github.com/JedWatson/classnames) - Utility so we can easily join classnames.
- [axios](https://github.com/mzabriskie/axios) - Our *isomorphic* HTTP / AJAX Library.
- [koa](http://koajs.com) - Our server-side micro framework.

**Development**:
- [webpack](http://webpack.github.io) - Our script build tool. So we can `require`, and aliases.
- [babel](http://babeljs.io) - So we can write ES6 code.
- [karma](http://karma-runner.github.io/) - Our test runner; so we can run tests in different environments.
- [mocha](http://mochajs.org) - Our test suite
- [chai](chaijs.com) - Assertion library so we can do `expect`, and etc.
- [sinon](sinonjs.org) - Spying / stubbing library for tests

Commit message:

Update docs about test suite.

readme.md, after:

# react-redux-starter-kit
An opinionated starter kit.

## Installing
Some requirements include:
- [node](nodejs.org) / [npm](npmjs.com)
- [ruby](ruby-lang.org) / [gems](rubygems.org) / [bundler](bundler.io)

Afterwards, clone, and then run the following to install the dependencies:
```bash
npm install
bundle install
```

## Development
```bash
npm run start # runs build script, style, and server

# compile assets
npm run build:script
npm run build:style

# for continuous development,
# run these commands instead of the above:
npm run watch:script
npm run watch:style

# for production (minification)
npm run prod:script
npm run prod:style

# run server
npm run server

# run tests
npm test # open up localhost:9876 afterwards
```

## Configuration
This starter kit uses a [dotenv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv-style) configuration. To start, simply copy `.env.example` to `.env`.
```bash
cp .env.example .env
```
Afterwards, modify as it suits your needs.

#### `_ENV_`
A global variable for `process.env.NODE_ENV`.

#### `_PRODUCTION_`
`true` when `process.env.NODE_ENV` is set to `production`.

#### `_DEV_`
`true` when `process.env.NODE_ENV` is **not** set to `production`.

#### `_API_`
The URI of the your API.

Mainly used to concatenate your requests with a base URI in `common/utils/axios/interceptors/concatBaseUrl`.

#### `_IMG_`
Path to your images folder.

This can be used as such : ````${_IMG_}/cat.jpg````.

#### `_PORT_`
The port which the server will be ran.

This is a server-only config.

#### `_SSR_`
The variable to check if the environment is node. This is safer than deriving by checking variables available only to node.

This is explicitly set to each config (e.g., server globals, webpack config).

#### `_IMG_`
Path to your images folder.

This can be used as such : ````${_IMG_}/cat.jpg````.

#### `_SSR_`
The variable to check if the environment is node. This is safer than deriving by checking variables available only to node.

This is explicitly set to each config (e.g., server globals, webpack config).

## Libraries
**Mainly**:
- [react](http://facebook.github.io/react) - Our view library; which is what we built most of our code with.
- [react-router](http://rackt.github.io/react-router) - Client-side (Browser) router.
- [history](http://rackt.github.io/history) - React-Router's history library.
- [redux](http://rackt.github.io/redux) - Our [Flux](http://facebook.github.io/redux) library.
- [react-redux](http://github.com/gaearon/react-redux) - Library to use Redux for ReactJS.
- [redux-thunk](http://github.com/gaearon/redux-thunk) - So we can if-else / async for our action-creators.
- [reselect](http://github.com/faassen/reselect) - For Redux, a *selector* library; also helps us cache it.
- [classnames](http://github.com/JedWatson/classnames) - Utility so we can easily join classnames.
- [axios](https://github.com/mzabriskie/axios) - Our *isomorphic* HTTP / AJAX Library.
- [koa](http://koajs.com) - Our server-side micro framework.

**Development**:
- [webpack](http://webpack.github.io) - Our script build tool. So we can `require`, and aliases.
- [babel](http://babeljs.io) - So we can write ES6 code.
- [karma](http://karma-runner.github.io/) - Our test runner; so we can run tests in different environments.
- [tape](http://github.com/substack/tape/) - tap-producing test harness for node and browsers.
- [sinon](sinonjs.org) - Spying / stubbing library for tests
